So again I'm doing bad ah electric 6th faith not without important past
It's not important to be alone.
There were 5,000 people who were self-proclaimed,
I wonder if
I have asked for a total of 4 elections in anonymous life 4
It's not a problem.
Oh why am I not the most sensitive of course in the thesis
Day, the man who is expected to find gotta come yet in the past
These days I've changed a lot and the AOYA people know your man's past.
I have been trying so hard, but I have to be a disciples who should not be afraid to defend their boyfriends.
And knowing the past science, what a pair of real August
Ah genuine ah ah
So now I hope to do to make sure that any literary lift
Yes, this is the lawyer you should know.
On the rooftop of the pottery, there is an import shop.
There is also needed yigyeongchan do not think that is what do you do to take
Does the party have continued to doegetgo ah ah I do not know why your father in a row
What do you do
Yesterday, my wife and I used a lot of shoes because my wife knew the original crime.
Alas
He is still in direct supervision when he is still white .
When Ugg University asleep once heard a sound sagyeotdeon University of childhood Oh no what
The place to talk hadeoraguyo sprayed or hobby oh Watch the belief Nomo
Oh, yeah . It's been a few decades ago .
I do not want him to be hired for 7 hours a day.
This language is also earlier, if like me, what the United States also came alive when I was a child what
Not quite got palm when I was a kid I Believe events
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Not the Past Chair phrases Want My wife look at it by going to be alahdo
Photo stand
The strategy is to get some textbooks or users around the world.
o oo ah ah ah became subject is a person that's just not tally
Busan language
It's cooking and it's a lot of shit.
Oh, look down to League held popular mind
Then collect some of those photos you suppose Dana Lee Jia's a really young age
It was a pleasure to see that our Hee Ma
Do you know
Adi Taylor, please be my first ten minutes .
All four men in that suit.
I 've seen four of them, and four of them were of different nationalities.
There is no white Kelly who traveled in seconds. Yes.
Then it is when eotneunde doeguyo had a floor in Puerto Rico
1 salvation 80 scorpion 4
Oh, I'll have to catch Trang Sea doegetne the international fight
Oh yeah And the reason I have to avoid every day is that I hate girls too .
Am is still on the phone, even when you and your business, and what a tail in the tail
Reporting to break the question huh m5 in this way just to eat there. What have lots
What's the question
What's the naked geuya and to see a noticeable Medicine husband that you should not cling to Destiny
I was in the party did such a good deal I'll yeonhaeseo For what Yi
c's key The past of the husband's egg
Waenya not gonna give me some help so much to become another person ohteon past
Do I have to
Oh, so you'll just need to all get graduation kkeutnangeo not throw ah ah ah ah ah
U
Why do not I get rid of baewoyo hadeoraguyo and my heart to learn and experience the cultural heritage
Why do you study? Oh , this is relevant. Let me know one .
I know that the flow of food that I have to know completely is better than everything.
Look, you're jealous of yourself. Yes.
I am not torpedo efforts also always a little less cruel to women and next
Also let's not forget about me in any luxury you had two Then write a piece of the road
We produce agricultural products looks go well again, I do not thrust raneunge
Now gotta have a yihyeokjae suppression get information about her arm roughly 1
I cleaned up and slept 5 houses. I got up.
I know it, so I can catch it.
If you do not have a car at all,